I'm designing a life simulator game like the sims. In the game all the houses will be generated procedurally when the world is generated. The game is 3d but uses a 2d grid to represent the floorplans, like in the sims 1. I want to generate meaningful houses according to plot size, wealth, family members, style, etc. 
I'm using C# and I have advanced knowledge and experience with algorithms and data structures. 

My idea is to have varios kinds of "Templates" for example TwoRoomTemplate, SingleRoomTemplate, MultiBedroomHallwayTemplate, Circular hallway template, and so on. Each Template class having a CanExecute method that takes a number of constraints as arguments, like the plot size, wealth, family members, type of building (residencial or commercial), etc as a HouseRequirements object. Then a list of all the posible templates that can be executed is made and then one of the templates is choosen at random and executed. The templates will follow always a similar structure and use space partitioning to create rooms.  
It can have an execute method that takes the same requirements object and a HouseBuilder object that have utility methods to build the house rooms.

As an advanced scenario, I'm also thinking of having HouseComponents. Components are each one different and receive in the constructor different parameters, depending of the essence of the component itself. For example a hall with two bedrooms will be a house component a hall with one bedroom will be another component, a kitchen in L shape with be another component, etc. House templates could reuse components and pick in some cases random components to give more variety. This way I can make complex templates that reuse components (in a similar fashion to designing UI components in a web for example, where you can reuse components to make a complex page)

For example a BedroomComponent could take as inputs the exact size, the door location, the style of the bedroom (children, adult, classic, modern, etc) etc. 

Do you understand the idea? Can you make a prototype in C#? (Pseudocode, only for me to review before starting to code it myself)
I'm interested in the implementation of one Template in particular. You can invent your own kind of template. I'm interesting in a template calling other components.